docs(main): update start doc (#3859)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/guides/get-started/introduction.mdx

  ]}
/>

As part of the Modern.js engineering system, each of the above solutions can be used separately and has its own independent documentation site. Developers can choose one or more solutions as needed.

## About Documentation

**The current documentation site corresponds to the Modern.js framework**, which is used to developing web applications.

- If you need to develop an npm package, please refer to the [Modern.js Module](https://modernjs.dev/module-tools) documentation.
- If you need to develop a documentation site, please refer to the [Modern.js Doc](https://modernjs.dev/doc-tools/) documentation.
- If you need to implement a web development framework based on the Modern.js build engine, please refer to the [Modern.js Builder](https://modernjs.dev/builder) documentation.

:::tip
Since the Modern.js framework is the most widely used, in this documentation site, we will omit "framework" and directly refer to it as Modern.js.
:::

## Modern.js Framework

> **The Modern.js framework is a progressive web development framework based on React**. Within ByteDance, we encapsulate Modern.js as an upper-level framework and support the development of thousands of web applications.

Reviewer: The original translation seems to be better

Modern.js can provide developers with an ultimate **Development Experience** and enable applications to have better **User Experience**.

In the process of developing React applications, developers usually need to design implementation plans for certain features or use other libraries and frameworks to solve these problems. Modern.js supports all configurations and tools needed by React applications, and has built-in **additional features and optimizations**. Developers can use React to build the UI of the application, and then gradually adopt the features of Modern.js to solve common application requirements, such as routing, data acquisition, and state management.

It mainly includes the following features:

> - 🚀 **Rust Bundler**: Provides support for dual build tools, easily switch to the Rspack build tool, and compile quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🚀 **Rust Bundler**: Provides support for dual bundlers, easily switch to the Rspack for faster build speed.
```
